Explain GetRandomFileName /2 (#24058)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/file-uploads.md

[!code-razor[](~/blazor/samples/6.0/BlazorSample_WebAssembly/Pages/file-uploads/FileUpload1.razor)]

> In the preceding code, <xref:System.IO.Path.GetRandomFileName%2A> is called to generate a secure filename. Never trust the filename provided by the browser, as an attacker may choose an existing filename and overwrite an existing file, or send a path which attempts to write outside of your application.

Reviewer: That API isn't used here, and this code can't upload anything in WASM.

```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> In the preceding code, <xref:System.IO.Path.GetRandomFileName%2A> is called to generate a secure filename. Never trust the filename provided by the browser, as an attacker may choose an existing filename and overwrite an existing file, or send a path which attempts to write outside of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding code, <xref:System.IO.Path.GetRandomFileName%2A> is called to generate a secure filename. Never trust the filename provided by the browser, as an attacker may choose an existing filename that overwrites an existing file or send a path that attempts to write outside of the app.
```
